# AI DupliGuard

AI DupliGuard is an advanced AI-powered tool designed to detect plagiarism in text and highlight AI-generated content. It utilizes state-of-the-art natural language processing techniques to analyze text for similarities and identify sections that are likely produced by AI models. This tool is particularly useful for researchers, educators, and content creators to ensure originality and authenticity in written content.

## Features
##### Plagiarism Detection: 
Detects similarities between texts to identify potential instances of plagiarism.
##### AI Highlighting: 
Highlights sections of text that are likely generated by AI models.
##### Accuracy: 
Employs robust algorithms to provide reliable plagiarism detection results.
##### User-Friendly Interface: 
Simple and intuitive interface for ease of use.

## Installation

To install AI DupliGuard, follow these steps:
### 1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/shruti-shreya01/AI-DupliGuard.git
```
### 2. Navigate to the project directory
```bash
cd AI-DupliGuard
```
### 3. Install dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
## Usage

1. Run the application 
```bash
streamlit run stream_test.py
```
OR
Click [AI DupliGuard](https://ai-plagiarism-checker-wsyvlkquv4ymnbq2remywf.streamlit.app/)

2. Enter or upload the text you want to analyze.
3. Click on the "Analyze" button to detect plagiarism and highlight AI-generated content if any.

## Disclaimer
AI plagiarism detector apps can assist in identifying potential instances of plagiarism; however, it is important to note that their results may not be entirely flawless or completely reliable. These tools employ advanced algorithms, but they can still produce false positives or false negatives. Therefore, it is recommended to use AI plagiarism detectors as a supplementary tool alongside human judgment and manual verification for accurate and comprehensive plagiarism detection.

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first
to discuss what you would like to change.
